For exercise 4, you will be creating a calculator. 
The slide for exercise 4 is slide 38 in the Module 4 slides

Instructions:

1. List your requirements

For this calculator, you will have 4 requirements:
    a: Get data
    b: Choose an operator
    c: Get the result
    d: Reset the screen

2. Sketch the application, make sure you know the correct functioning - Put picture of paper sketch into the exercise4 folder
3. Optional -- You may use a flow diagram to help. - If you do this, put a picture of the flow diagram in the exercise4 folder
4. Use a tool of your choice, like Figma, to design the application - Put screenshots of designs in the exercise4 folder
5. Use the prototype ability to test it

What you need to install:
$ mkdir testApp
$ cd testApp
$ nvm use ---node version no --
$ npm init -y (can start from this step if your node is up to date)
$ npm install express

$ npm install --save-dev @babel/core @babel/cli @babel/node
$ npm install --save-dev @babel/preset-env
Babel is a tool that lets you write your Javascript code using all the latest syntax and features, 
and run it in browsers that may not support those features. 
Babel is a transpiler that will translate your modern JS code into an older version of Javscript 
that more browsers are able to understand.

$ npm install --save-dev nodemon
Nodemon is a command-line tool that helps with the speedy development of Node. js applications. 
It monitors your project directory and automatically restarts your node application when it detects any changes. 
This means that you do not have to stop and restart your applications in order for your changes to take effect.

$ npm install body-parser
Express body-parser is an npm module used to process data sent in an HTTP request body. 
It provides four express middleware for parsing JSON, Text, URL-encoded, and raw data sets over an HTTP request body.

$ npm install dotenv
$ npm install cors
$ npm install mongoose --save

Questions:
1. Why do we keep using index.js to do the module.exports task?
2. Do we have to pay or subscribe to DB or any services to use it? 